Previously on Ride or Die...
-What's the plan. kid?
-I'm gonna kill Ana.
Tock.
Start the car! Evacuating round the back!
Aah! Aah!
Then I'm gonna pay the money back and
get as far away from Debbie as I can.
Can you
explain your request
regarding the law firm in New York?
I deleted the initial e-mail
offering her the job.
Debbie!
I know this little place in Cambodia.
Means "far away and hard to see."
Come with me.
Stop the car. All right. do it.
Do it. Sam! She's getting away!
Is emotional attachment
an issue?
With her?
Absolutely not.
Who is she?
She's an assassin.
More than 12 members
of Parliament
have so far been called in
for questioning on charges
of conspiracy to corruption.
Accepting bribes in an attempt
to block the UK Transport Bill
on the demands of Ergon Kreshnik.
the head of an Albanian crime ring.
who was killed in Switzerland
earlier this week. The prime minister
has praised law enforcement
and called the situation.
"A stain on British politics."
Ugh. reporters.
Should I cover my face?
Is that what people do?
Or does that just seem more guilty?
Should I smile? That just seems crazy.
Debbie. please.
I can't do this without you. I need you.
You know what. David? Go fuck yourself.
-David. David.
-Chin up.
Don't make a scene.
♪ Just give me information.
give me information ♪
♪ Tell me everything ♪
♪ Come see me ♪
♪ on the phone ring ♪
♪ Come see me on the phone ring ♪
♪ Come see me on the phone. just give me
the headphones. turn up...
You know. if you press this button.
you can hear everything.
I don't need to hear him.
I know what he's saying.
Good news. You're exempt from all charges.
You knew nothing
about what David was doing. so...
And the passport?
It. uh. managed to go missing
from the evidence file.
♪ Trying to get away...
You're free to go.
We don't think the Albanians
will be any threat to you.
but we can assign a security detail
to your house to protect you.
I'm sick of people protecting me.
Debbie.
What you said about your friend
in Geneva...
She's not my friend.
And that's everything I'm going to say.
♪ I lived it twice ♪
♪ I treat you right ♪
♪ the way you taught me...
Optic nerve is normal.
♪ That's just life...
Those stitches are good. Who did them?
Guy in Monaco.
He's dead.
♪ Don't say it softly ♪
♪ If you see her out there ♪
♪ behind the wheel ♪
-♪ driving getaway ♪
Put me back in. I've got to find Redback.
Okay. I'm happy to clear you
to go back to work
in... three weeks.
Two weeks.
♪ But that's just life...
You're clear to go.
Clean bill of health.
Good to go. Whiptail. Good to go.
♪ The way you taught me ♪
♪ I lived it twice ♪
♪ I treat you right ♪
♪ the way you taught me ♪
♪ That's just life ♪
♪ I lived it twice ♪
♪ Whole damn world is a cage...
♪ Don't say it softly ♪♪
Q. happy birthday.
Q. happy...
My Queenie.
I write this letter every year.
and every year. I hope you never read it.
Every child's life is dictated
by the choices of the parent.
and I didn't make good ones.
But know that I loved you
more than anything in the whole world.
There is enough money
and enough different names in here
for you to start again.
Get far away from here.
I owed you a better life.
and I owed you the truth.
All the answers are here.
I love you. Mum.
Fuck's sake.
Okay.
Hi. Sorry. Uh. we're actually closed.
What a nice place you've got.
I just said we're closed.
Cobbler. right? You repair shoes.
Sorry. my English. uh. forgive me.
But "cobbler"...
Isn't it the same word to say as someone
who makes fake passport?
What do you want?
Interpol.
I want some answers.
What were you doing in Geneva?
Geneva?
I've never been to Geneva.
But it's definitely on my list. though.
Yes. you have.
And we tracked you all the way back here.
To this shop who makes illegal documents.
And if I had to bet.
I'd bet you made these.
Listen...
I don't know what you're talking about.
Either I can fix those ugly shoes
or you can get the fuck out of my shop.
You think of anything
you want to tell me...
this is my number.
Actually. I like my shoes.
French quality.
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ and I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
Macallan 35. single ice cube.
It's incorrect.
but it's the way you like it.
I bought that whiskey
the year I recruited you.
One of my most prized possessions.
Give me the file.
This is everything I have on Redback.
This is the only time I've opened
an assignment on one of my own.
You will end this.
Complete this and then return to me.
We'll be a team again. you and I.
London's over for me. My cover's burnt.
Need to be relocated.
Judith Burton's dead.
And Debbie Claybourne?
It's over.
♪ No one can...
♪ like you gave to me...
David!
Get that!
Ugh. David!
Sorry.
That was supposed to be a surprise.
What was supposed to be a surprise?
Debbie!
-Hello.
-Book club? You invited book club?
-You love book club.
-Oh. my God.
I was trying to cheer you up.
-You haven't got out of bed in days.
-Because you're still here.
-I'm not allowed to leave.
-Well. you were supposed to find
somewhere else to live
that wasn't my house.
-Our house. and I-I thought that...
-What?
That being trapped with you would
make me want to get back together?
That cooking one meal
would make up for what you did?
I'm not getting that.
They're here for you. so you-you
don't have to go through this on your own.
You think they can help?
Trifle.
Is this a bad time then. Debbie?
-We can hop away.
-You don't cook a trifle.
So. um. did anyone
have any opening thoughts?
Uh...
I-I... I don't like book club.
I don't think I ever have.
I don't read the book.
I think you choose terrible books.
Did the brother do it?
Yes.
A whiskey. Debbie?
You don't drink whiskey.
You don't know anything about me.
I've done cocaine.
Oh!
Where is she?
No. you can't go in there.
She doesn't want to see you!
-Get out.
-Debbie.
I don't want to hear it.
Get...
-out.
-I'm going.
-You're never gonna see me again.
-Good.
But there's some things
you have to hear first.
Have to? Have to? Actually. I don't.
I don't have to do
a single thing I don't want.
I don't have to humor
my incompetent husband
or his pathetic efforts in the kitchen!
And I don't have to pretend
I read that stupid book.
and I don't have to listen
to your groveling apology.
-Get out.
-No.
Fine. Fine. Then. I'll leave.
Debbie. Debbie.
Jesus.
Debbie. wait.
Debbie. Debbie.
Oh. for God's sake!
-Debbie. wait.
-Fuck off. David.
Debbie. if you're gonna
hate me either way.
there's some things I have to say to you.
Oh! Oh. There's more?
More opinions of me that I need to hear?
More adjectives about how I'm a boring.
average. middle-aged woman?
I was lying.
I had to say that to protect you.
And deleting my job offer...
was that to protect me?
Okay. yeah. that was to protect me.
I-I had just done...
the most terrible thing.
and I couldn't bear the thought
of you leaving me.
So. I... Yes.
Yes. I deleted it. and trust me.
I will regret that
for the rest of my life.
It was one job. It was one time.
I got you so many other job offers.
-Better ones.
-That was you?
Yes. that was me.
And you didn't take any of them.
Because I wasn't qualified
for any of those positions.
and the-and the timing was all wrong.
David's career was taking off.
the kids had moved and...
You see? This is what you do.
You make excuses.
That's why I came here today.
Because I'm not gonna be your next excuse.
I just don't want this
hatred you have for me
to weigh you down.
Judith!
Don't you see that
you took my dreams away?
No. I didn't. You did.
-You took your dreams away.
-Ugh.
I just want you to believe in yourself
like I do. because you're brilliant.
and you can do anything that you want
if you'd just stop
being such a coward.
You know what?
I told them. Interpol.
I told them what you do for a living.
You... You what?
Yeah.
How brave of me.
So tell me. how does it feel...
when someone you love
and trusted
does something so deeply hurtful
behind your back?
How does it feel?
Okay. Debbie.
That's okay. 'cause I'm I...
It doesn't matter anymore.
'cause I'm leaving.
I'm gone.
-And Judith Burton won't exist anymore.
-Oh. Judith Burton
never existed!
She is not real!
So. pick another name. find another idiot
to convince that she's your best friend.
That bit was real for me.
Every time I've said I love you.
I've meant it.
You don't know how to love.
You don't know anything about it
because the base concept is honesty...
and there is nothing real
or honest about you.
You know that's not fair.
So shoot me.
There is enough money
and enough different names
in here for you to start again.
Get far away from here.
Hello. Victoria.
All the answers are here.
I'm good.
-Ready?
-Ready.
Okay.
This is the last footage of Redback
I could find
after she fled the scene.
She heads into this tunnel
and then she doesn't come out.
I've tracked all three exit points.
but there's nothing. Once she's
in that tunnel. she just disappears.
I'm running literally
every program we have.
but as of now I-I can't find her.
Yeah. well. we're never gonna find her
that way.
Well. not unless she wants to be found.
We're gonna have
to be analog about this.
Outwit her. outsmart her. Sam.
I need everything
you can find. Every file.
All her injuries. missions.
just all of it.
Heard you were relocating.
Well. there's nothing for me here.
Yeah. I'm leaving. too.
Did you tell him?
No. I'm just gonna leave.
Where will you go?
-Well. I was thinking I could maybe do...
-Don't tell me.
You don't tell anyone.
Did I teach you nothing?
Well. you taught me
how to break the rules.
I'm serious. though. Sam.
You need to run and never look back. okay?
Never have anyone to come back for.
He was right.
You can't do this job and love someone.
Yeah. Then...
I guess I choose loving someone.
Good for you. kid.
Who is it?
Mm.
Debbie?
Bonjour.
I found this...
lovely bottle of... wine.
and I didn't think I should...
drink it alone.
I may have sampled the wares.
No.
Sorry. Very hot.
So hot.
Look... I'm sorry. Okay?
I don't know what I'm doing here.
and-and it seemed like
a very good idea on the walk over.
-You need a drink.
-Oh. bad idea...
-Ugh.
-Here. This should help.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Ugh. I thought it was gonna be vodka.
-Why would it be vodka?
-Oh. isn't that what
cool detectives drink
late at night in their hotel rooms?
You think I'm cool?
I think you're very cool.
Oh. well. then you really are drunk.
Not as drunk as I look.
I'm just... very lost.
I had this person in my life. and...
she was my compass.
and now she's gone. and I...
I don't feel like I know which way is up.
A compass doesn't really say
which way is up.
Oh. God. men are so obsessed
with directions.
It's a metaphor for being on your own.
Oh. well. maybe...
maybe you have to be
your own compass. then.
That sounds really hard.
It will be sometimes. but you see.
the-the beauty of a broken compass
is that you get to decide
which way you want to go
or who you want to be.
Oh. that's...
that's really cheesy.
Uh. but I like it.
Keep talking in your sweet. little accent.
Okay. I will keep talking.
and... you can cry if you want to.
I don't want to cry.
I want to have sex.
But we're not going to. are we?
No. not tonight. I don't think.
Oh. God.
Kill me now.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Would a Toblerone do it?
What color?
Milk.
Mm. Okay.
Okay. so I found something
way back in her file.
but I must've got the dates wrong
'cause it looks like she was recruited
-when she was 15.
-No. that'll be right.
And-and they were. what. training kids?
Molding us.
Building us to change
the world.
The Director chose us specially.
I...
Four minutes. 38. Four minutes. 17.
What-what-what are all these?
They're her endurance records.
You know. how long
she can hold her breath underwater.
-how long she can stand out in the cold.
-Whiptail. this...
I mean. this is like...
Yeah. this is not enough. Sam.
I need you to find her original file.
What's her real name?
-Who was she before she was Redback?
-There's-there's nothing.
This... There is no before.
She's-she's 15 and that's it.
If there's a record of her before then.
we. we don't have it.
No. but I know where it is.
Oh. God. Did we...?
I'm afraid so.
We. uh. ate the whole Toblerone.
-I got to get out of here.
-Wait.
We can have breakfast if you like.
or I can. I can walk you home or...
Oh. No. no.
What is all this?
Is this really her?
Where'd you get it?
I ran her photo through a de-aging program
to try and look for her in the system.
and I found her. Here. look.
She was raised in an orphanage.
and then it looks like she was adopted
and then returned.
Returned? Who returns a child?
I don't know.
but after she was adopted.
she came back to the orphanage. and then.
about six months later. she...
What?
She died.
Or I guess her death was faked.
Look. there's a death certificate.
Someone was trying
-to make it look like she died.
-Stop.
-What?
You have to destroy everything you have
and never look into this again.
promise me. because they will...
They? Who-Who's they?
I-I'm-I'm not saying another word.
I'm-I'm-I'm out of here.
Oh. come on. Debbie.
I know you're trying to protect her...
It's not her I'm trying to protect.
I'm trying to protect you.
Stop looking.
I don't want to adopt you. but
I would like to offer you a scholarship.
To what?
Vocational program for gifted children.
There would be
an intense athletics training.
languages. a new form of education.
very strict routine.
Come on. Whiptail. push it.
That's it. Whiptail. That's it. That!
Well. what else
did they teach you?
They used to teach us
how to fight underwater.
I mean. weren't you scared?
No.
Felt amazing.
Felt like coming home.
The time to beat
is four minutes. 14 seconds.
Slow your heart rate.
Concentrate. Block everything out.
What is this place?
It's where you bury who you were.
Become who you are.
Put it all in.
everything you used to be.
There is no before.
Returned?
I understand that you were...
returned.
It's an unforgivable thing
to do to a child.
No one in my program is ever returned.
No.
Oh. no.
We were all returned.
Aw.
Goddamn. you're good.
Did you know?
That he had us adopted and then returned?
No.
Worked it out a couple of months ago.
The truth about Daddy is a real shock. eh?
He's a monster.
Oh. I wouldn't throw
the word "monster" about.
You kill people for a living.
I do it because of him.
See. now that is your problem.
You never think anything is your fault.
Returning us made us pliable.
desperate to please.
afraid of emotional attachments.
but he chose us to be returned.
It was already in us.
We're killers.
I'm nothing like you.
Oh. you're exactly like me.
Tell yourself it's for the greater good.
but you do it because you love it.
This ends now. Ana.
Downstairs.
In the fighting ring.
You and me.
Oh. hey. that has worked faster
than I thought.
I put the toxin
directly on the floorboards 'cause I knew
you'd touch them with your hands.
but you never know with wood
if you've got the dose right.
Ooh.
-Hello.
-Oh. hello. Sam.
I've been waiting and waiting
by the phone.
I thought we had something.
Maybe it just meant more to me.
What do you want?
Oh. from you? Nothing.
You've served your purpose. Put him on.
-I'm not gonna just put him on.
-I've got her.
Say hi. Whiptail.
Fuck you!
She's a little bit cranky
on account of having
quite an intense reaction to some
pretty experimental drugs.
Oh. go get him. I'm sure
he'll have time for his number one girl.
It's her.
It's Redback.
Hello. Ana.
Jack. it's been a minute.
Just calling to tell you
that I know everything.
How the dice was loaded from the start.
How you had us adopted
and then returned.
Being psychotically focused on revenge
is really very productive.
You get a lot done.
What do you want. Ana?
Well. uh. I want to offer you a choice.
I've got Whiptail.
I can walk away right now.
never harm a hair on her head.
Well. do that. then.
You didn't listen to the choice.
If she lives.
I destroy everything you built
brick by brick.
Take your operation.
burn it to the ground.
Or... you can say the words.
ask me to kill her.
and this ends right now. And I'm gone.
No more bodies. no more attention.
your legacy survives.
It's your choice.
Her or the agency?
Use your words. Jack.
She needs to hear Daddy betray her.
Live by the code you made us all live by.
No emotional attachments.
Make a choice.
Kill her.
Kill Whiptail.
That's my choice.
As you wish.
All done. I'm taking her home.
Back where she belongs.
Just a minute.
Debbie? It's Sam.
I-I need to talk to you.
Hey. I need to talk to you.
-Sam. Sam.
-Just for one second. Please.
-I need to talk...
-If she sent you as her emissary.
-I have nothing to say.
-Debbie. Ana has her.
She's gonna kill her.
What do you mean. "has her"?
She's been drugged.
it sounded like she was tied up.
and you're the only person
who's gonna know where she is.
-I don't know anything about her.
-Please. Debbie.
Ana told the Director
she was taking her home.
Now. I don't know where "home" is.
so... please.
Sh-She's gonna die.
Where is "home." Debbie?
Fun stuff. hey?
It's a neuro-suppressant.
Totally unregulated.
Don't really know the side effects.
Can't speak.
can't move. can't see.
Don't worry.
it'll wear off in a couple of hours.
I want you to feel everything.
Did you ever come down here?
I hid down here all the time.
Back when they had the furnaces going.
But now. ooh. it's cold.
Cold like you'll never be warm again.
like despair in your bones.
What?
Do you want to say something?
Ah. I don't care.
We're done. you and me.
This is where it was always going to end.
This is where it begins.
I don't want to kill you.
I want you to know how it feels
to be completely
and totally alone.
Your friend doesn't want you.
the Director doesn't want you.
Nobody's coming.
There was a doctor in the cell
next to me in prison... chatty guy...
and he helped me work this out.
Just how long you can keep a person alive.
all alone. in the dark.
unable to move. but completely
and totally awake.
I've sealed the furnace.
The only air and food you'll get
is coming through those tubes.
And I think we've got at least
a good couple of years in us.
Imagine that.
-Hello?
-Judith?
Whiptail?
This is where she lives?
Yep.
What. what does "home" mean
if it's not here?
There must be something. Debbie.
Some clue. some personal...
-thing. I...
-I've looked. There's nothing.
She's not a person.
She's this.
-♪ There's some things you can't explain ♪
-Oh. my God. Wow.
Well.
♪ Is it chance or is it fate? ♪
♪ You passed the point
where this could break ♪
♪ Not much more than you can take ♪
♪ Is there any medicine? ♪
♪ It hurts too much to mend ♪
♪ When you can't hold on any longer ♪
♪ I will lift you up ♪
-"Auntie Judith."
-♪ And when you feel ♪
♪ the storm getting stronger ♪
♪ I won't let you give up ♪
♪ Where there's pain ♪
-♪ there's healing. too ♪
-I made this for you.
♪ Oh. I'll be there for you ♪
♪ I will lift you up ♪
What is this?
♪ Ooh... ♪
It's her. Sam.
♪ I will lift you up ♪
It's the real her.
♪ Ooh... ♪
♪ Burn the pages. start anew ♪♪
We have to figure out
where "home" is.
There has to be something here.
-Oh. my God.
-What?
Look how young she is.
It's her with the Director
at the old training facility.
We used to have to go
to this training academy.
It felt amazing.
Felt like coming home.
Sam. that's it.
That is where she thinks is "home."
Let's go get her.
Oh. shit.
What? Who's that?
Interpol. She's gonna follow us
the minute we drive out of here.
You know what I used to do for a living?
With her. I appear as she is:
a boring. average middle-aged woman.
Debbie!
Judith Burton never existed!
She is not real!
Kill her.
Kill Whiptail.
That's my choice.
Your friend doesn't want you.
The Director doesn't want you.
Nobody's coming.
What's the plan. kid?
Detach the oxygen.
And then what? You got some...
some big escape plan?
That's it.
It'll run out and I'll die.
Don't leave me here on my own.
I can't survive this.
Judith!
Judith?
Would you like to come in?
She's my best friend.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
-Yes. please.
-Tell me everything.
Judith. Judith. It's me.
-It's me.
-Debbie?
You're safe. I got you.
I got you. Judith.
I got you.
Can you see at all?
No. Not really.
You came.
Course I came.
But everything I've said and did.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. well. you're gonna
need to do a lot of therapy.
I know.
And I'll be there.
Not leaving you.
Fuck!
What the fuck?
Oh. my God. it's her.
Hello. it's me.
She won't stop. she's never gonna stop.
You can't have her. you fucking psycho!
Hold on.
Debbie.
You need to listen to me.
Under the back seat. there's guns.
-What?
-Under the back seat. The-the back seat.
-Back seat?
-In the back seat.
-Grab the wheel.
-I can't grab the wheel!
-I can barely see.
-Well. you can't shoot either.
so we're gonna have to improvise.
Okay. I've got it.
-Okay.
-Ready?
-Go.
-Ow! You're on my leg.
Sorry.
Wait. I see.
-Hey.
-Just drive straight. okay?
-Drive straight.
-Yes. okay.
Ooh. Nice.
It's the black box.
They're all black boxes.
Debbie. the black box!
-The black box!
-Okay. okay. okay!
She's gonna try to ram us off the cliff.
Give me the gun. Debbie.
Just give it to me.
Give it to me.
That's not a gun. it's a grappling hook.
Well. I'll shoot her with this.
What good's that gonna do?
It's just gonna attach her to us.
Drive off the cliff. Judith.
Okay?
-I love you.
-Yeah. I love you. too.
Jump!
Right.
Come on.
What? Where are we going?
To look for a body.
I'm not going through this shit again.
What we going down there for?
We're just gonna have to come
-all the way back up.
-Uh-huh. Yeah.
I need to be damn certain Redbone
or whatever the hell her name is
isn't coming back.
You going somewhere. Sam?
Uh. no. Just. um...
packing up for the day. sir.
I value loyalty in my agency very highly.
Of course. sir.
People don't break into my office.
people don't lie to me.
and most importantly. people don't leave.
You. Sam. have done all three.
Which leaves me with a decision to make
about your future.
I'll see you tomorrow. Sam.
Sir.
I'll see you tomorrow
because I want to introduce you
to your newest operative.
I believe you are already acquainted.
Her training begins immediately.
and I can think of no better person
to be her handler
and to see her through this process.
Can you?
That'll be all. Sam.
Yeah. I'm in.
Let's bring this fucker down.
-Last one?
-Yeah. last one.
Um...
I'm sorry.
Good.
Me. too.
♪ Ooh... ♪
Good luck in prison.
♪ This one's moving far too slow ♪
♪ Stop asking why
'cause I still don't know ♪
♪ All I can do is surrender
to the great unknown ♪
♪ If I hadn't fallen ♪
♪ If my heart hadn't been broken ♪
♪ Maybe doors keep closing ♪
♪ so another one can open ♪
♪ All of these things
that I don't understand...
You give us. what. two weeks?
Then she'll be all yours.
♪ If I didn't know pain. I wouldn't know ♪
-♪ how strong I am ♪
-♪ Story ♪
♪ If I hadn't fallen ♪
♪ If my heart hadn't been broken ♪
♪ Maybe doors keep closing ♪
♪ so another one can open ♪
♪ All of these things
that I don't understand ♪
♪ Maybe they're just a part of the plan ♪
♪ If I didn't know pain.
I wouldn't know how strong I am ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ A perfect story ♪
♪ If I hadn't fallen ♪
♪ If my heart hadn't been broken ♪
♪ If I didn't know pain.
I wouldn't know...
We agreed you'd be in disguise.
I am in disguise.
That hat is outrageous.
It is not outrageous. It is fantastic.
"It doesn't look any bigger
than the Mauretania."
So. you're really doing it?
Two weeks and no plans?
Just an Interrail Pass
and some big dreams.
-And you?
-Cambodia.
I need to try and find this island
that's "far away and hard to see."
How will I get in contact with you?
I had Queenie make me this.
Nice choice of name.
New alias. Be safe. yeah. it's good.
It's not my alias.
It's my real name.
I figured I should try
and find out who I really am.
Nice to meet you.
Anything from the trolley?
Uh. whiskey.
-please.
-Make that two.
Sure.
Thank you.
Oh. of course.
Ma'am?
I've got them.
Sir. I'm in position.
Shall I engage.
Comrade General?
Understood.
Here's to new adventures.
Oh. we're just getting started.